you
dear Heavenly Father thank you for all
your mini blessings
especially for those we love father
there are parts of our lives
that only you know are broken give us
hope and faith that we will be healed
sometimes the pain can be so great and
the feelings of loneliness so expansive
Lord please fill this vast lonely
feeling with your love and peace help us
father to know and understand that we
are your children
help us to open our hearts to you and
have faith that your unconditional love
is the greatest love we can ever
experience
you are our Father Lord and your love
for us is not based on our physical
attributes but on the conditions of our
hearts you love us like a daughter or a
son with all the protection that goes
with that love Lord guide our hearts to
see that all we need to do is reach out
to you in faith and lift our hearts to
you in prayer Lord trusting our lives to
you help us to forgive those that hurt
us Lord and help us to let go of the
anger that we may Harbor in our hearts
and please father forgive us when we
fail and help us to remember that we are
never alone and that the Holy Spirit
lives in us and through us as we go
through each and every day thank you
Father for the blessings that you have
given us protect our loved ones and
please protect us too and father please
continue to lead us and guide us and
direct us as we turn our lives over to
you today it is in the name of your son
that we pray amen
you